Update READMEs, reduce code complexity, misc improvements (#374)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: python/README.md

2nd Law of Thermodynamics - For a spontaneous process, the entropy of the universe increases.
3rd Law of Thermodynamics - A perfect crystal at zero Kelvin has zero entropy."""))

# Summarize the laws of motion
print(summarize("""
1. An object at rest remains at rest, and an object in motion remains in motion at constant speed and in a straight line unless acted on by an unbalanced force.
2. The acceleration of an object depends on the mass of the object and the amount of force applied.
3. Whenever one object exerts a force on another object, the second object exerts an equal and opposite on the first."""))

# Summarize the law of universal gravitation
print(summarize("""
Every point mass attracts every single other point mass by a force acting along the line intersecting both points.
The force is proportional to the product of the two masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them."""))

# Output: 
# Energy conserved, entropy increases, zero entropy at 0K.
# Objects move in response to forces.
# Gravitational force between two point masses is inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them.
```

> ## How does this compare to the main C# branch?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How does this compare to the C# Semantic Kernel?
```

poetry shell
```

# Get Started with Semantic Kernel ⚡

## Example: Running a simple prompt.

```python
import semantic_kernel as sk
from semantic_kernel.ai.open_ai import OpenAITextCompletion

kernel = sk.create_kernel()

# Prepare OpenAI backend using credentials stored in the `.env` file
api_key, org_id = sk.openai_settings_from_dot_env()
kernel.config.add_text_backend("dv", OpenAITextCompletion("text-davinci-003", api_key, org_id))

# Wrap your prompt in a function
prompt = kernel.create_semantic_function("""
1) A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction,
allow a human being to come to harm.

2) A robot must obey orders given it by human beings except where
such orders would conflict with the First Law.

3) A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection
does not conflict with the First or Second Law.

Give me the TLDR in exactly 5 words.""")

# Run your prompt
print(prompt()) # => Robots must not harm humans.
```

## Example: Turn prompts into **reusable functions** with input parameters.

> ```python

Reviewer 2: For an example to put at the front in the Python README, I think it would be good to show both a Semantic Function and Native function being used together by the Semantic Kernel. I got a lot of feedback from some hackathon people wondering how this works.

Author: the intention is to differentiate prompts from functions, starting simple and then showing how to reuse prompts. The first example addresses the basic question: how to run a prompt.  The concept of functions is not obvious, and the second examples shows how to move from prompts to semantic functions, reinforcing the message about reusability using the same prompt multiple times. There's been a lot of feedback and confusion about SK being too complex to run a prompt and unclear what functions are.

# Create a reusable function with one input parameter
summarize = kernel.create_semantic_function("{{$input}}\n\nOne line TLDR with the fewest words.")

# Summarize the laws of thermodynamics
print(summarize("""
1st Law of Thermodynamics - Energy cannot be created or destroyed.
2nd Law of Thermodynamics - For a spontaneous process, the entropy of the universe increases.
3rd Law of Thermodynamics - A perfect crystal at zero Kelvin has zero entropy."""))

> # Summarize the laws of motion

Reviewer 2: I think just having 1 example, not 3, is enough to illustrate the point. You'll have more space to highlight other examples.

Author: answered in other comment
